Update faq.md (#5437)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/warehouses/faq.md

## Can I be notified when warehouse syncs fail?

> If you enabled activity notifications for your storage destination, you'll receive notifications in the Segment app for the fifth and 20th consecutive warehouse failures for the entire warehouse, meaning we do not track this on a per 'source<>warehouse' connection basis. Our notification structure identifies global issues when connecting to your warehouse, such as bad credentials or being completely inaccessible to Segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enabled activity notifications for your storage destination, you'll receive notifications in the Segment app for the fifth and 20th consecutive warehouse failures for all incoming data. Segment does not track failures on a per connection ('source<>warehouse') basis. Segment's notification structure also identifies global issues encountered when connecting to your warehouse, like bad credentials or being completely inaccessible to Segment.
```
